[docs] Migrate more pages (#243)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/columns/columns.md

# Data Grid - Columns

<p class="description">This section goes in details on the aspects of the columns you need to know.</p>

## Column definitions

The columns of the grid are definied with the `columns` prop.

> The grid expects an array of objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`columns` expects an array of objects.
```

The columns should have this type: `ColDef[]`.

The `field` is the only required property. It's the identifier of the column. It's also used to map with `RowData` values.

```ts
interface ColDef {
  /**

>    * The column identifier. It's used to map with [[RowData]] values.

Reviewer: What does "map" mean here?

   */
  field: string;
  …
}
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/BasicColumnsGrid.js"}}

> By default, the columns are positioned in the grid according to the order the `ColDef` are specified in the grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, columns are ordered according to the order they are included in the `columns` array.
```

## Column headers

> You can configure the rendering of the headers with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the headers with:
```

- `headerName`: The title of the column rendered in the column header cell.
- `description`: The description of the column rendered as tooltip if the column header name is not fully displayed.

> - `hide`: Toggle the visibility of a column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hide`: Hide the column.
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/HeaderColumnsGrid.js"}}

> For more advanced configuration of the header, go to the [rendering section](/components/data-grid/rendering/#header-cell) of the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more advanced header configuration, go to the [rendering section](/components/data-grid/rendering/#header-cell).
```

## Column width

> By default, the column have a width of 100 pixels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the columns have a width of 100 pixels.
```

> This is an arbirary value easy to remember.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an arbitrary, easy to remember value.
```

To change the width of a column, use the `width` property available in `ColDef`.

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/ColumnWidthGrid.js"}}

## Column sizing

By default, all columns can be resized by dragging the right portion of the column.

> If you would like to block the resizing of a column, set `resizable: false` on the `ColDef`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent the resizing of a column, set `resizable: false` in the `ColDef`.
```

- https://ej2.syncfusion.com/react/demos/#/material/grid/column-resizing
- https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/ColumnResizing/React/Light/
- https://www.jqwidgets.com/react/react-grid/#https://www.jqwidgets.com/react/react-grid/react-grid-columnsresize.htm
-->

## Column types

> To facilitate the configuration of the columns, some column types are predefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To facilitate configuration of the columns, some column types are predefined.
```

> By default, columns are assumed to hold strings and thus the default column string type will be applied. As a result, column sorting will use the string comparator, and the column content will be aligned to the left side of the cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, columns are assumed to hold strings, so the default column string type will be applied. As a result, column sorting will use the string comparator, and the column content will be aligned to the left side of the cell.
```

> The following types are the native column types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are the native column types:
```

- `'string'` (default)
- `'number'`
- `'date'`
- `'dateTime'`

To apply a column type, you need to define the type property in your column definition.

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/ColumnTypesGrid.js"}}

## Custom column types

> You can extend the native column types with your own columns types by simply spreading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can extend the native column types with your own by simply spreading <what?>.
```
(Incomplete sentence?)

> The demo below defines a new column type: `usdPrice`, it extends the native `number` column type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The demo below defines a new column type: `usdPrice` that extends the native `number` column type.
```

```jsx
const usdPrice: ColTypeDef = {
  type: 'number',
  width: 130,
  valueFormatter: ({ value }) => valueFormatter.format(Number(value)),
  cellClassName: 'font-tabular-nums',
};
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/CustomColumnTypesGrid.js"}}

## 🚧 Column groups

> > ⚠️ This feature isn't yet implemented. It's coming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ This feature isn't implemented yet. It's coming.
```

>
> 👍 Upvote [issue #195](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/issues/195) if you want to see it land faster.

> Grouping columns allows you to have multiple levels of columns in your header and the ability, if you want, to 'open and close' column groups to show and hide additional columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grouping columns allows you to have multiple levels of columns in your header and the ability, if needed, to 'open and close' column groups to show and hide additional columns.
```

## 🚧 Column reorder

> > ⚠️ This feature isn't yet implemented. It's coming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ This feature isn't implemented yet. It's coming.
```

>
> 👍 Upvote [issue #194](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/issues/194) if you want to see it land faster.

> Column reordering enables to reorder the columns by dragging the header cells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Column reordering enables reordering the columns by dragging the header cells.
```

> ## 🚧 Column sticky

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🚧 Sticky columns
```

> > ⚠️ This feature isn't yet implemented. It's coming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ This feature isn't implemented yet. It's coming.
```

>
> 👍 Upvote [issue #193](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/issues/193) if you want to see it land faster.

Sticky (or frozen, locked, or pinned) columns are columns that are visible at all times while the user scrolls the grid horizontally.

## 🚧 Column spanning

> > ⚠️ This feature isn't yet implemented. It's coming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ This feature isn't implemented yet. It's coming.
```
